Update maintainer onboarding doc (#323)
TheOdinProject/top-meta: onboarding/maintainers.md

- You should ensure you have 2FA authentication enabled for Github to keep your account secure. _Please ensure you follow the [GitHub guide for 2FA](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa/configuring-two-factor-authentication)_ to ensure you set it up properly.

### Admission and Removal of Role

Maintainers, and those wishing to be considered for the Maintainer role, are expected to have a record of regular and positive contributions to The Odin Project community. Maintainers are expected to make contributions to The Odin Project curriculum and provide support for the Discord server.

Being that contributions will vary in substance and frequency, the Core team will determine if the member is meeting the expectations for the Maintainer role. If the expectations are not being met, the member will not be considered for the Maintainer role. If member is currently a Maintainer, they will be moved to Maintainer-Inactive role with the option to return to Maintainer status upon rejoining the triage rotation.

## Github Responsibilities and Guidelines

### Maintain Issues

> - A maintainer should spend time maintaining the Github

Reviewer: The GitHub. The Google. The face book.
```suggestion
- A maintainer should spend time maintaining the repos on GitHub
```

- As a maintainer, you should use your discretion on which issues _you_ should take yourself. Part of your goal, is to increase contributions from the entire community
- **Delete/Close** irrelevant and unhelpful issues and comments
  - **Explain reasoning for closing issue**
  - Before deletion, ask for more info if issue could be viable
  - People asking for help on projects, should be directed to the forum or chat before deletion
- **Add tags to issues as applicable** (Check the right side of the page on an open issue)

>   - e.g. "First Time Only" (for super easy issues, to help gain more contributors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - e.g. "Help wanted" or "Good first issue" (for super easy issues, to help gain more contributors)
```

- **Modify issue contents with more information that could be relevant**
  - Adding a checklist for definition of "success" for whoever takes the issue
  - Suggestions on possible solutions

> - **Ask for contributions in the #contributions-opportunities channel**

Reviewer: Think this might be better phrasing and intent
```suggestion
- While not required, consider posting issues that are open for assignment request in the #contributions-opportunities channel, especially if they're straightforward
```

  - Do not go overboard, people don't like getting pinged a lot

>   - Consider batching requests in one ping

Reviewer: Think we can get rid of this - we don't really ping anyone if we post in that channel
```suggestion
```

- **Assign issues to those claiming it** (Check the right side of the page on an open issue)
  - People should comment on the issue they are working on the issue
- **Moving issues to the proper section on the project board** (Check the right side of the page on an open issue)

>   - Curriculum issues should be attached to the 'curriculum' project board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Curriculum issues should be attached to the "Curriculum Workflow" project board (usually done automatically)
```

  - Most things will be "backlog" unless it breaks significant parts of the course

>     - e.g. Hartl puts his books behind a paywall

Reviewer: Think we can rid of this
```suggestion
```

>   - When assigned to somebody, issue should be put in "in-progress"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When assigned to somebody, issue should be put in "In progress"
```

Maintainers are representatives of The Odin Project community who assist with the management of processes on the Github account.

## Settings

- Please ensure you have 2FA authentication enabled so if a situation arises in which you need to moderate you will be able to do so. You can use the [discord guide for 2FA](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/219576828-Setting-up-Two-Factor-Authentication).

- You should ensure you have 2FA authentication enabled for Github to keep your account secure. _Please ensure you follow the [GitHub guide for 2FA](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa/configuring-two-factor-authentication)_ to ensure you set it up properly.

### Admission and Removal of Role

Maintainers, and those wishing to be considered for the Maintainer role, are expected to have a record of regular and positive contributions to The Odin Project community. Maintainers are expected to make contributions to The Odin Project curriculum and provide support for the Discord server.

> Being that contributions will vary in substance and frequency, the Core team will determine if the member is meeting the expectations for the Maintainer role. If the expectations are not being met, the member will not be considered for the Maintainer role. If member is currently a Maintainer, they will be moved to Maintainer-Inactive role with the option to return to Maintainer status upon making regular contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being that contributions will vary in substance and frequency, the Core team will determine if the member is meeting the expectations for the Maintainer role. If the expectations are not being met, the member will not be considered for the Maintainer role. If member is currently a Maintainer, they will be moved to Maintainer-Inactive role with the option to return to Maintainer status upon rejoining the triage rotation.
```

  - When assigned to somebody, issue should be put in "in-progress"
    - Don't be afraid to check up on people working on issues
  - Issues with attached PRs will be closed automatically
- **Keep an eye on the project board**
  - Feel free to follow up with people, but give them ample time

### Maintain PRs (Pull Requests)

- **Close PRs** that are irrelevant, or clearly unhelpful to the project
  - e.g. Somebody PRs solutions to any lesson that is to be cloned and filled out
    - <https://github.com/TheOdinProject/javascript-exercises>
  - Be sure to give a reason for closing the PR
- **Attach issues** to the PR that should be closed when the PR is merged (Check the right side of the page on an open PR)
- **Review thoroughly**
  - Look very closely at the markdown
  - Utilize the request changes feature when reviewing code/lesson content
    - Feel free to fix small typos and wording using the in-browser editor
    - <https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-request-reviews>
  - New lessons will have to have the "seeds" file updated to accommodate and show on the site
- **Merge PRs**

>   - All maintainers share the responsibility of reviewing and merging PRs, even if another maintainer requested changes or created the issue (with the exception of a specialized epic project that one maintainer is overseeing, like the new HTML/CSS lessons).

Reviewer: stale
```suggestion
  - All maintainers share the responsibility of reviewing and merging PRs, even if another maintainer requested changes or created the issue (with the exception of a specialized epic project that one maintainer is overseeing).
```

  - Since you are a maintainer, we trust your judgement. With git, everything can be reverted, so don't be afraid to merge things from non-maintainers/core.

>     - Ask Kevin about his screw-ups (and Marvin)

Reviewer: Marvin no longer around, let's pin it all on Kevin
```suggestion
    - Ask Kevin about his screw-ups
```

  - If a PR looks to be good, feel free to merge after review.

>   - Do not merge if you are unsure, ask somebody else for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Do not merge if you are unsure. Ask somebody else for review.
```

    - If no one has reviewed the PR, you are welcome to post it in the #review-requests channel to bring it to everyone's attention.
    - If the contributor has made the requested changes without requesting another review, you should request it for them on GitHub.
  - If a PR was made by another maintainer only approve it, don't merge it. On the team we merge our own PRs.

### Participate in the Triage Rotation

- Related to the above; each maintainer must be part of the triage rotation for moving issues/PRs out of "needs triage" by closing/approving for work/requesting discussion from others on issues and by reviewing or requesting someone to review for PRs.
- Each shift on the rotation lasts one week
- Swapping your shift with other maintainers is permitted so long as another maintainer is willing to swap with you

### Attend Meetings

> - Subscribe to the group Google Calendar (link pinned in the maintainer-discussions channel of the discord)

Reviewer: We no longer use this
```suggestion
```

> - Meetings are generally held twice a month

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meetings are generally held every other Saturday (see the "Team Issue Traige" event on Discord for exact dates and times).
```

- Attendance is not _required_ but is strongly encouraged whenever you're able to attend.

## Burnout

> Try to keep the following in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try to keep the following in mind:
```
